I just want to find someone who can support me
That person is you.
Yongmingxuan because I love you
Just because of you
It has nothing to do with anything else.
You are lucky
because
I think so.
I love you very much
I love you too.
Why doesn't my husband allow me to touch it?
What's the matter with ten eights?
What's with this scar?
Ah!
This is a car accident when I was a kid.
Left at that time
Did you go to the Peony Bar three years ago?
Wife
I think couples should be honest with each other
I'm not going to hide it from you.
I did go to England three years ago
But I was also drugged.
I woke up and the catkins were in my bed
And there is a relationship between a man and a woman
But I swear.